Intro: 
"The year is 1134, the last great king of Scotland fell to the ravages of time. Now a power vacuum needs to be filled, and the great earls of each nation fights to take the throne for themselves. Who shall win? Only time will tell."


Macbeth: Arrogant, cocky, bullheaded..

Selecting Macbeth: "Macbeth, here to unite all of Scotland once again. I alone am worthy of ruling these great lands!"

Towards Duncan: "Didn't you have a funeral to go to? It was yours, after all."
		"I would wish you well in the afterlife, but since I'll be sending you there, it seems pointless."

Towards Siward: "You will not best me this time, you got lucky."
		"Your tricks will not avail you a second time."

Towards the twins:" You brought two? You're more prepared than you look."
		"The more numerous they are, the more satisfying the victory in combat."

Duncan. he is kind, forgiving, and compassionate.

Selecting Duncan: "I shall strive to unify everyone, and end this fighting once and for all. Lay down your arms."

Towards Macbeth: "My funeral can wait, I wanted to see your strength in battle just one last time."
"I do not wish to fight, but there is no greater warrior for one last hoorah."

Towards Siward:" Your assassination skills are improving, I look forward to matching them in our battle."
"You seem to have mastered more ways of the shadow. Did you learn that from a foreign dignitary?"

Towards the twins: "You two are growing a strong bond together, I hope the joint rule is treating you well?"
"I've always envied your relationship, the strength of sibling love truly is a force to reckon with."
Siward is sly, conniving, cold and calculating. The calmest of the four.
Choosing Siward:" Sometimes the best deeds, are best left for dark nights. One should never ignore the advantage of a blade in the dark."

Towards Macbeth: "Luck is a valuable asset, I trust you agree?"
		"You fight well under dawn and army, how do you fare in the shadows?"

Towards Duncan: "And your kingship is as gentle as ever, you will regret it one day."
		"You might be gentle, but you lack the strength and determination to prevail."

Towards the twins: "Both of you seem to share your power equally, as in you will fall at equal speeds."
"If it takes two of you to do the job of one, you have already failed this great land."

The Twins: One of them sounds bright and cheerful, the other moody and bratty, grumpy, even.

Selecting: "Such a pleasure to rule such wondrous land."/"Fine, fine, if I MUST."
Examples of the bright twin's speech to other earls are;

To Macbeth: "We always prepare for a fight, especially one against you, great Macbeth!"
"Watch your back, great warrior. I hear Siward is skulking again."

To Duncan: "Our rule is as well as ever! And your own rule is a direct inspiration!"
	"We looked to you for guidance, but it seems our rule and beliefs are incompatible."


To Siward: "C'mon now! Let's not make assumptions, shall we?"

"I will not look behind me again, That won't work anymore!"

To Macbeth: "I would have come alone, but seeing you fall into your grave at only my hand wouldn't satisfy me enough."

"Fighting you alone would be a mistake, and I do not have the time to make them."

To Duncan: "Our rule is none of your concern, old man."
"I will quite happily see you fall if it means the rule is Mine. Er, ours."

To Siward:" Your words are like paper to a cactus, as in you'll be torn in a matter of seconds."
"You spend too much time in the darkness, that you are blind to its other denizens."


